Allow choosing the OIDC remote user claim and scopes to request from the identity provider (#5481)
FreshRSS/FreshRSS: docs/en/admins/16_OpenID-Connect.md

* `OIDC_CLIENT_ID`: The OIDC client id from your issuer.
* `OIDC_CLIENT_SECRET`: The OIDC client secret issuer.
* `OIDC_CLIENT_CRYPTO_KEY`: An opaque key used for internal encryption.

> * `OIDC_REMOTE_USER_CLAIM`: The claim to use as the username within FreshRSS. Defaults to `preferred_username`. Depending on what you choose here, and your identity provider, you'll need to adjust the scopes you request so that this claim will be accessible. Refer to your identity provider's documentation.
> * `OIDC_SCOPES`: The OIDC scopes to request. Defaults to `openid`. As mentioned previously, make sure the scopes you pick contain whatever `OIDC_REMOTE_USER_CLAIM` you chose.

Reviewer: Minor typographic quotes

```suggestion
* `OIDC_REMOTE_USER_CLAIM`: The claim to use as the username within FreshRSS. Defaults to `preferred_username`. Depending on what you choose here, and your identity provider, you’ll need to adjust the scopes you request so that this claim will be accessible. Refer to your identity provider’s documentation.
* `OIDC_SCOPES`: The OIDC scopes to request. Defaults to `openid`. As mentioned previously, make sure the scopes you pick contain whatever `OIDC_REMOTE_USER_CLAIM` you chose.
```
